OSDOCS-14654:Added cluster installation errors to ROSA Classic Troubleshooting guide (#93291)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-troubleshooting-toomanyroute53zones-failure-deployment.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * support/rosa-troubleshooting-deployments.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-troubleshooting-toomanyroute53zones-failure-deployment_{context}"]
= Failing to create a cluster with a `TooManyRoute53Zones` error

If a cluster creation action fails, you can receive the following error messages.

.Example install logs output
[source,terminal]
----
error msg=Error: error creating Route53 Hosted Zone: TooManyHostedZones: Limits Exceeded: MAX_HOSTED_ZONES_BY_OWNER - Cannot create more hosted zones.\\nlevel=error msg=\\tstatus code: 400
----

.Example {cluster-manager} output
[source,terminal]
----
Provisioning Error Code:    OCM3006
Provisioning Error Message: Zone limit exceeded
----

> This error indicates the cluster's installation was blocked as the installer was unable to create Route 53 hosted zone. A hosted zone is a container for records, and records contain information about how you want to route traffic for a specific domain, such as example.com, and its subdomains (acme.example.com, zenith.example.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates the cluster's installation was blocked as the installer was unable to create a Route 53 hosted zone. A hosted zone is a container for records, and records contain information about how you want to route traffic for a specific domain, such as example.com, and its subdomains (acme.example.com, zenith.example.com).
```

> The error suggests that the hosted zone quota is exhausted. By default, each Amazon Route 53 account is limited to a maximum of 500 hosted zones and 10,000 resource record sets per hosted zone.

Reviewer: Myy want to change "exhausted" to "at capacity"...but may be okay :)

.Procedure

> To fix this issue, try one of the following methods:

Reviewer: Did I mention not being a fan of "try one of the following methods"?  :)

Author: Yes but not sure how else to phrase it better- there are two different ways to do it. I debated not even including this as it's AWS documentation, however, think it's beneficial for user to have it listed here.

> * Request a quota increase from AWS. This is the recommended method to try.

Reviewer: ..and "this is the recommended method to try".... :(

.. Sign in to the **https://aws.amazon.com/console/[AWS Management]** console.
.. Open the **Service Quotas** console.
.. If the quota is adjustable, you can choose the button or the name, and then choose Request quota increase.
.. For **Change quota value**, enter the new value. The new value must be greater than the current value.
.. Choose **Request**.

* Delete unused VPCs. Before you can delete a VPC, you must first terminate or delete any resources that created a requester-managed network interface in the VPC. For example, you must terminate your EC2 instances and delete your load balancers, NAT gateways, transit gateways, and interface VPC endpoints.
.. Sign in to the **https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/[AWS EC2]** console.

> .. Terminate all instances in the VPC. For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/terminating-instances.html[Terminate Your Instance].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Terminate all instances in the VPC. For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/terminating-instances.html[Terminate Amazon EC2 instances].
```

> .. Open the **console.aws.amazon.com/vpc[Amazon VPC console]**.

Reviewer: This link is incorrect/broken. I tried to figure out where it should go but it looks like it is dependent on region that is the default for an individual's account? 
This is mine....https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/vpcconsole/home?region=us-east-2#Home:

Author: Thanks, it's just missing the 'https://' at the start.
